💬Change Default Value Serialization Behaviour: Omit Every Default Value except for Bools and Numbers (#50)
Hochfrequenz/go-bo4e: README.md

## Version Notes

### General Default Value Marshalling Behaviour since v0.0.22

Since v0.0.22 default values are no longer marshalled/included in serialized Business Objects or COMponents.

> Before v0.0.22 default values of required fields serialized as f.e. empty string, `null` or empty slice.

Author: ```suggestion
Prior to v0.0.22 default values of required fields serialized as f.e. empty string, `null` or empty slice.
```
